README.md, before:

# Auto Filling Java Call Arguments

This plugin guesses the call parameters by the callee parameter names.

## Use  
1. Via Eclipse Content Assist  
Press Ctrl + Space (Content Assist) inside the parentheses.

2. Using the Shortcut Key  
Place the cursor inside a method call or on the method name and then press Ctrl + Alt + O

<img src="demo.gif" alt="demo" title="demo"/>

## Build

This project uses [Tycho](https://github.com/eclipse-tycho/tycho) with [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build. It requires Maven 3.9.0 or higher version.

Dev build:

```
mvn clean verify
```

Release build:

```
mvn clean org.eclipse.tycho:tycho-versions-plugin:set-version -DnewVersion=2.0.0 verify
```

## Install

1. Add `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tlcsdm/eclipse-autofill-arguments/master/update_site/` as the upgrade location in Eclipse.
2. Download from [Jenkins](https://jenkins.tlcsdm.com/job/eclipse-plugin/job/eclipse-autofill-arguments)
3. <table style="border: none;">
  <tbody>
    <tr style="border:none;">
      <td style="vertical-align: middle; padding-top: 10px; border: none;">
        <a href='http://marketplace.eclipse.org/marketplace-client-intro?mpc_install=7012266' title='Drag and drop into a running Eclipse Indigo workspace to install eclipse-autofill-arguments'> 
          <img src='https://marketplace.eclipse.org/modules/custom/eclipsefdn/eclipsefdn_marketplace/images/btn-install.svg'/>
        </a>
      </td>
      <td style="vertical-align: middle; text-align: left; border: none;">
        ← Drag it to your eclipse workbench to install! (I recommand Main Toolbar as Drop Target)
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

docs: Update README with new platform support
Added support for Eclipse 2024-06 and later, as well as Mac OS X, Linux, and Windows.

Signed-off-by: 梦里不知身是客 <liang.tang.cx@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Auto Filling Java Call Arguments

This plugin guesses the call parameters by the callee parameter names.

Now Support Eclipse 2024-06 and later, Mac OS X, Linux (with nautilus) and Windows.

## Use  
1. Via Eclipse Content Assist  
Press Ctrl + Space (Content Assist) inside the parentheses.

2. Using the Shortcut Key  
Place the cursor inside a method call or on the method name and then press Ctrl + Alt + O

<img src="demo.gif" alt="demo" title="demo"/>

## Build

This project uses [Tycho](https://github.com/eclipse-tycho/tycho) with [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to build. It requires Maven 3.9.0 or higher version.

Dev build:

```
mvn clean verify
```

Release build:

```
mvn clean org.eclipse.tycho:tycho-versions-plugin:set-version -DnewVersion=2.0.0 verify
```

## Install

1. Add `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tlcsdm/eclipse-autofill-arguments/master/update_site/` as the upgrade location in Eclipse.
2. Download from [Jenkins](https://jenkins.tlcsdm.com/job/eclipse-plugin/job/eclipse-autofill-arguments)
3. <table style="border: none;">
  <tbody>
    <tr style="border:none;">
      <td style="vertical-align: middle; padding-top: 10px; border: none;">
        <a href='http://marketplace.eclipse.org/marketplace-client-intro?mpc_install=7012266' title='Drag and drop into a running Eclipse Indigo workspace to install eclipse-autofill-arguments'> 
          <img src='https://marketplace.eclipse.org/modules/custom/eclipsefdn/eclipsefdn_marketplace/images/btn-install.svg'/>
        </a>
      </td>
      <td style="vertical-align: middle; text-align: left; border: none;">
        ← Drag it to your eclipse workbench to install! (I recommand Main Toolbar as Drop Target)
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
